How are you, sir?
Just this guy.
He made me drive
And I compensate him.
What our young master said is true
So what if it's true?
Why do you still want to touch me?
I'll tell you what.
I'll give you the 20 million today
50 million for the car
Not a single child is missing.
The dog family has long been sacrificed by sunset
How dare you do that?
70 million, right?
Come, I'll give it to you.
Hahahaha
Is there really money in this card?
Fine, I'll tell you what.
Don't fool me
Or I'll fucking kill you
If you don't believe me, just call and check it out.
Don't go
Your bank account is indeed 70 million complex
What are you doing?
I have solved the problem of our young master hitting your car
Then you touch our young master's business
How do you want to solve it?
What do you want?
Let go
Move me, right?
Fine, I'll have you killed
Hello
Dad?
I got hit. What do you want me to do to save me?